Who allowed you to speak? You are not welcome in our house.
Little sister, are you going too far?
Obviously we are family
You're protecting an outsider?
That's not what I mean.
Since you like him so much
Just consider him a sister
You are our most precious sister.
No nonsense
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
What happened today is that I didn't think it through.
Not next time.
I don't care.
You have to fire him
Otherwise I'll run away from home tomorrow
I messed up everything
I respect Miss Lu's decision
Count your senior brother
I have asked various other media to contact
Retract today's news
You go back to your room and tidy up for a while
We had dinner with grandpa
I just look at his little girl pitifully
I want to offer him a job
I didn't want to make my little sister angry
I know you are kind
But you really did something wrong about this.
You beg grandpa for guilt yourself, you know
Brother, I beg you something